When you're rolling consider what you are rolling for.
If i'm rolling for a specific 4 cost for example, is probably bad. Very unlikely to hit and it is probably worth much more to
just sit and level and then roll. (Assumming not dead very soon). But if we're rolling for multiple upgrades, can be very worth.

Pick up habit to swap last second if haven't scouted.

Take longer on augments, think about what you have if it's a decent one and what's better. If it's narrow chance to get something better
then probably shouldn't reroll.

USE YOUR BRAIN IF YOU DON'T HAVE ANTIHEAL BECAUSE UNLUCKY NO SUNFIRE PLAY **ASOL**

1/19
G1: 4th
honestly idk felt like could've gotten higher than 4th but a bit unlucky
basically just did sett transition with senna as carry since senna aug. 
got a bit tilted from the units disappearing bug.


G2:5th

VERTICAL ANIMA IS TERRIBLE - don't play unless you hit heart/crown
- otherwise just play sett lol

G3:6th

ox force kinda feels like shit without good augments
need:
- battlemage
- viego
- camille supp
- something not dogshit or you get fucked im pretty sure

lowrolled augment, think it was all 3's, went with lb mirror since i had renegade spat + urgot.
Maybe would've been better to move it to fiddle and mirror that, not sure.
ADMIN heart is a bait. Don't take, just take something consistent because this probably only works with high roll admin aug and like
camille carry or something idk.

G3: 7th

idk
terrible early/mid
bad prismatic augment. don't remember options but LEVEL UP WAS NOT IT

got fucked on early items no momentum
felt like just a mortdog diff like unreal
couldnt finish pairs even on slight roll down

Maybe i just go 20/20 sett frontline + whatever backline?
Options: standard def/brawler item holder for sett items and pick up jax/wukong/draven
backline:
- samira/sureshot
- recon
- ace mf
- heart soraka
- heart zoe


I think biggest issue last 2 games was augments.