Still hardstuck 0 lp, still very bad at the game. I still think I tunnel too hard on rolldowns, have gotten better but yea.

4 games:
- 2nd - Zeri Frejl, should have gone 1st with better execution
- 8th - sorc early commit -- need to review, played very bad
- 5th - 6 invoker karma -- some obvious issues, biggest was getting stuck with dead rod as empty component i can't finish on karma 3. 
	- Also ran into sunk cost with invoker on heimer with upgraded turret which carried me for a bit but hit an ahri. Possibly was play ahri and re-find heimer?
- 5th - 6 chally -> ahri 2 + belveth 1 + heimer stuff -- not sure
	- DD is kind of mid for yas. Semi playable but it's not actually that great.
	- It was probably visage or winter over DD. If i'm playing chally I think visage is better. Only way DD seems better is chally spat + dd BV but thats high roll.

Game 2 Review

2nd game: I need to stop getting baited into sorc line. I believe I had a very easy Ionia opener. Do not pick sorc if I do not have malz 2 + other stuff or don't get a + 1 from augments for early 4 sorc. Feels waaay too weak without it im pretty sure.

Made a big error on 2-1. Took manazane to play around sorc so already committed, I MADE JG INSTEAD OF GOING FOR SPARK ON CAROUSEL AHHHHHHHHHH so bad so so so bad.

first 3 fights were good losses but I should've positioned in such a way to 5 loss. Ended up beating someone so was LLLWL. 30g going into 2-5 very not good.

OK I SAW BIG ERROR ON 3-2 ROLLDOWN. I hit an azir. I am 4 sorc with JG + GS + manzana + rod + chain. I CAN JUST PLAY LUX AZIR FROM HERE WHY AM I COMMITTED TO 6 SORC HELLLOOOOOO??? I was tilted i guess. Took EW over DD/Trickster's. I think this is fine, trickster's is only really good on ahri in these two lines i'm pretty sure. Can only really play on j4 in lux/azir so winter's is fine.

There was also a jarvan on carousel. 100% should've just played lux azir. fuck me

Augments were pretty bad this game too, ended up just taking all ornn ones.

Playing for a 6th from the carousel of stage 4. Get an ahri but it's not enough to bail me out. Waay too weak. Also needed to drop out of 6 sorc for 4 sorc + ionia instead. Gives me frontline with Shen + Sett and obv ionia buff for ahri. Playing a dead ori/velkoz/j4 for fun. Dropping 2 of those for ionia would've been much better

